README.md, before:

# Dungeon Dash
### By Ty Sabs

## Getting Started
To start the game, open up index.html in a web browser

## How to play
The goal of Dungeon Dash is to travel from the bottom of the screen to the top.
* Heroes must dodge enemies as they navigate from North to South.
* Heroes must navigate around impassable obstacles
* Heroes get three lives and have a chance to gain five extra lives

### Game Levels
1. Lesser Bugs
2. Greater Bugs
3. Ants
4. Brain Bugs
5. Flying Bugs
6. Worgs
7. Goblins (XL)
8. Elves
9. Centaurs (XL)
10. Ogres
11. Sea Creatures 1
12. Naga 1
13. Naga 2
14. Sea Creatures 2
15. Reptiles
16. Trolls
17. Imps (XL)
18. Elementals
19. Abominations
20. Skeletons (XL)
21. Ghosts
22. Gargoyles
23. Dragonkin (XL)
24. Demons
25. Dragons

## Credits
* Original Game Framework Supplied by [Udacity](https://github.com/udacity/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game)
* All graphics were modified by Ty Sabs using Photoshop
* Original graphics come from a tileset at [OpenGameArt](http://opengameart.org/content/dungeon-crawl-32x32-tiles)
* Sound Effects come from RPG Sound pack at [OpenGameArt](http://opengameart.org/content/rpg-sound-pack)
* Music was made by [Edward Shallow](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Edward_Shallow/)
* Evil Game Over Laugh Sound Effect supplied by [SoundBible](http://soundbible.com/2052-Creepy-Laugh.html)
* Ravi Prakash font supplied by [Google Web Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?selection.family=Ravi+Prakash)
* Background Image supplied by [Susan Ibach](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/cdnstudents/2013/07/22/free-fantasy-art-assets-to-help-you-build-your-games/)
* Loading Screen Gif supplied by [Ajaxload](http://www.ajaxload.info/)

Commit message:

Add play game link to README

README.md, after:

# Dungeon Dash
### By Ty Sabs

## Getting Started
To start the game with downloaded version, open up index.html in a web browser
Play the game online here: [Dungeon Dash](http://tysabs.github.io/Dungeon-Dash/)
***Note***: Game size is about 35MB and it may take a minute for the page to load

## How to play
The goal of Dungeon Dash is to travel from the bottom of the screen to the top.
* Heroes must dodge enemies as they navigate from North to South.
* Heroes must navigate around impassable obstacles
* Heroes get three lives and have a chance to gain five extra lives

### Game Levels
1. Lesser Bugs
2. Greater Bugs
3. Ants
4. Brain Bugs
5. Flying Bugs
6. Worgs
7. Goblins (XL)
8. Elves
9. Centaurs (XL)
10. Ogres
11. Sea Creatures 1
12. Naga 1
13. Naga 2
14. Sea Creatures 2
15. Reptiles
16. Trolls
17. Imps (XL)
18. Elementals
19. Abominations
20. Skeletons (XL)
21. Ghosts
22. Gargoyles
23. Dragonkin (XL)
24. Demons
25. Dragons

## Credits
* Original Game Framework Supplied by [Udacity](https://github.com/udacity/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game)
* All graphics were modified by Ty Sabs using Photoshop
* Original graphics come from a tileset at [OpenGameArt](http://opengameart.org/content/dungeon-crawl-32x32-tiles)
* Sound Effects come from RPG Sound pack at [OpenGameArt](http://opengameart.org/content/rpg-sound-pack)
* Music was made by [Edward Shallow](http://freemusicarchive.org/music/Edward_Shallow/)
* Evil Game Over Laugh Sound Effect supplied by [SoundBible](http://soundbible.com/2052-Creepy-Laugh.html)
* Ravi Prakash font supplied by [Google Web Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?selection.family=Ravi+Prakash)
* Background Image supplied by [Susan Ibach](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/cdnstudents/2013/07/22/free-fantasy-art-assets-to-help-you-build-your-games/)
* Loading Screen Gif supplied by [Ajaxload](http://www.ajaxload.info/)
